VAULT-39930 Add certificate counters to license usage reporting (#1147)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.21.x (rc)/content/docs/license/utilization/manual-reporting.mdx

   **Available command flags:**

   - `-message` `(string: "")` - Provide context about the conditions under
     which the report was generated and submitted. This message is not included
     in the license utilization bundle but will be included in the vault server

>      logs. (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `-message` `(string: "")` - Provides context about the conditions under
     which Vault generated and submitted the report. Vault writes the
     context message to the server logs, but does not include the message
     in the license utilization bundle.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

   - `-today-only` `(bool: false)` - To include only today’s snapshot, no
     historical snapshots. If no snapshots were persisted in the last 24 hrs, it

>      takes a snapshot and exports it to a bundle. (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     historical snapshots. Vault takes a snapshot and exports the snapshot
     to a bundle if it has not persisted a snapshot in the last 24 hrs.
```
Style correction: write in active voice
